3.23.2025

Vj reported items#

1. Now let's add... Folder Rename, right click on folder should allow you to rename it. - done

2. These alternate row colors needs to removed. & ui is very basic.. can we use some better tree and modify it?
Screenshot 2025-02-28 at 5.18.53 PM.png - done

3. pending - Drag & drop is good but can we highlight destination folder when dropping.. may be trying another tree library can help with all these interactions & we don't need to build 

4. Dont worry about it. just try export import, if it works and le me knw -  Attached is the exported file. you will see folders but not files when you import it.

5. next phase - Once you drop the URL, fetching thumbnail & URL would be the best thing for this

+++++++

Bugs:
duplicate bookmark - fixed
json exports folders but not bookmarks - cant reproduce
let's remove those animations of modal window - fixed - 
remove alternate row colors - i cant see them
remove modal animation - fixed
fix sequence of fields - fixed

Features:
completed
1. drag drop of bookmarks
2. edit bookmark - in context menu now

pending
1. save everything in local chrom storage
2. need to fix export import
- ability to have the same bookmark in multiple folders
- tell the allowed max size and accepted formats of image
Good to have
- fetch thumbnail or preview of link - or - allow user to pick from existing images on webpage


----
Everytning is pending

Love this.

I assume there is no db & looking at github code it's only js based POC.

Let's start with this basic functionality for now to productionize.

We should do a few things to make this more usable, I assume with DB (localStorage - chrome.storage) most of these would be resolved.

Bugs
- duplicates bookmark when edited - fixed - 
- json exports folders but not bookmarks - cant reproduce

UI
- 
- sequence on URL first, then title (better if we can fetch & let them edit) and then tags - fixed the order. let us not getting into fetching title etc. it willl have cross browser, device and other issues.
- alternate row colors seem forced and confusing.. let's remove that for now - which alternate row colors?

Must have
- Open URL in new tab when clicked on bookmark - done

 - implemented drag drop rather for following. #todo - need to fix export import due to bookmark id
        - ability to move bookmark from one to another folder
        - ability to select folder(s) while editing bookmark


- rightclick on bookmark to edit - done

Good to have
- fetch thumbnail or preview of link - or - allow user to pick from existing images on webpage

let's talk in your morning.